mr. Nakayama has been keeping honeybees
for more than 65 years and these sunny
forest clearings are perfect for his
hives but every year mr. Nucky or miss
hives come under attack whatever it is
seems to be unfazed by a swarm of angry
bees
mr. Nakayama has put an electric fence
around his precious hives but even this
doesn't seem to be keeping the culprit
out so he's called in some Expos and
they set up an elaborate trap laden with
honey all they can do now is wait
and it doesn't take long within just a
few hours news comes in that the traps
been tripped
professor Izumi Armour and his team are
here to help although it's wise to
tranquilize it first it's a young black
bear he strayed dangerously close to the
edge of human habitation looking for
something to eat black bears have
attacked people in the past so for
everyone's sake he can't stay here
there's just enough room for the bear in
the boot
he needs to be returned to the safety of
the mountain but it's a one-hour drive
the bear could awake at any time and
there's no cage in this rural area bear
expert Professor Izumi Amma is used to
taking this chance
mahadji Otto Tonto by each my own eg doc
talk to Artemis
they need to take the bear as deep into
the mountain wilderness as possible
this is the most anxious time for the
professor Yokota bar okay Jannetty scar
sindelle owen aanda Cara da Matta
character system winner nastiness thanks
to Professor Izumi AMA this lucky bear
is backing the safety of the forest and
out of harm's way
you